# 变向能力场地测试在足球助理裁判员中的适用性

Castagna, C., Impellizzeri, F. M., Bizzini, M., Weston, M., and Manzi, V. (2011)

*Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research, 25*(3), 860–866. <https://doi.org/10.1519/JSC.0b013e318208ae8e>

➡️ [点击此处查看完整内容](https://zzzxj12138.github.io/02/)

**摘要**：The aim of this study was to examine the applicability of a test for change of direction ability (10-8-8-10 test, involving line and sideward sprinting, 36 m) in elite-level soccer assistant referees (ARs). One hundred AR of the first-second and third Italian Championships (AR<sub>A-B</sub> and AR<sub>C</sub>, n = 50, respectively) performed the 10-8-8-10 on 3 separate occasions. Twenty AR authorities scored test relevance (1–5 scale, from trivial to very large) for logical validity using a questionnaire. Construct validity was examined comparing AR<sub>A-B</sub> and AR<sub>C</sub> for the 10-8-8-10 performance. Short-term reliability was assessed testing a random selection of ARs (n = 64) over 3 separate occasions every other day. Performance in the 10-8-8-10 test was assumed as total coverage time using telemetric photocells. Results showed that the 10-8-8-10 test was perceived as possessing from large (n = 4/20) to very-large (n = 16/20) relevance to AR physical match performance. No significant performance difference was found between competitive levels (p = 0.57). Area under the curve (= 0.49; p = 0.87) showed no significant sensitivity of 10-8-8-10 in detecting competitive-level difference. The intraclass correlation coefficient (n = 64) and typical error of measurement (test 2 vs. 3) values were 0.90 (p < 0.0001) and 0.18 seconds, respectively. This study showed that the 10-8-8-10 test possesses logical validity, good reliability, and it is independent of the competitive level. As such, this original investigation represents the first step in the identification and assessment of a valid and reliable AR change of direction test. Given the strength of our findings, governing bodies should look to integrate the 10-8-8-10 test into the fitness test protocols devised for ARs, with scores &geq;9.67 being considered as a starting point for the empirical validation of minimum selection criteria for elite-level ARs.

**关键词**：裁判；体能测试；冲刺；灵活性；足球