# 身体成分对足球裁判员运动表现的影响

Azad Ilhan, Surhat Muniroglu and Neslişah Rakıcıoğlu (2023)

*Journal of Nutritional Science, 12*. <https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1017/jns.2023.47>

➡️ [点击此处查看完整内容](https://zzzxj12138.github.io/03/)

**摘要**：Nutrition plays an important role in improving sports performance. The present study aimed at nutritional assessment and examined the relationship between athletic performance and body composition in soccer referees at different levels. The study participants were 120 male soccer referees. 5, 10 and 30 metres (m) sprint tests to measure speed and cooper test for physical fitness were applied in the referees. Participants were divided into two groups as city and class soccer referee. The anthropometric measurements, excluding fat mass (FM) (%), were higher in class referees. Fat mass (%) differences (14.1 ± 4.28 vs 12.3 ± 4.41) were statistically significant (P < 0.05). Daily energy and nutrient intakes were similar. The inadequacy percentages of energy, vitamin A and calcium were the highest (29.2, 30.0 and 34.2 %, respectively). It was found that a negative significant correlation between FM% and cooper test score (P < 0.01; r = −0.35), a positive significant correlation between FM% and 5, 10 and 30 m sprint test scores (P < 0.01, r = 0.38; P < 0.01, r = 0.38 and P < 0.01, r = 0.48, respectively). Similarly, there was a negative significant correlation between waist circumference (WC) and cooper test score (P < 0.01; r = −0.31), a positive significant correlation between WC and 5, 10 and 30 m sprint test scores (P < 0.01, r = 0.33; P < 0.01, r = 0.40; P < 0.01, r = 0.33, respectively). Nutritional recommendations for soccer referees should be made specific to the individual, considering body composition, training intensity and match frequency by a dietician.

**关键词**：运动表现；身体成分；营养状况；足球裁判员
