# 精英级足球裁判员场地测试结果与比赛表现之间的关系

Weston, M., Castagna, C., Helsen, W., and Impellizzeri, F. (2009)

*Journal of Sports Sciences, 27*(11), 1177-1184. <https://doi.org/10.1080/02640410903110982>

➡️ [点击此处查看完整内容](https://zzzxj12138.github.io/04/)

**摘要**：The aim of this study was to assess the extent to which measures derived from the new FIFA referees’ fitness tests can be used to monitor a referee’s match-related physical capacity. Match-analysis data were collected (Prozone&reg;, Leeds, UK) from 17 soccer referees for 5.0 (s = 1.7) FA Premier League matches per referee during the first 4 months of the 2007–08 season. Physical match performance categories included total distance covered, high-intensity running distance (speed > 5.5 m/s), and sprinting distance (> 7.0 m/s). The two tests were a 6×40-m sprint test and a 150-m interval test. Heart rate demand was correlated with total match distance covered (r = -0.70, P = 0.002) and high-intensity running (r = -0.57, P = 0.018) in the interval test. The fastest 40-m sprint was related to total distance covered (r = -0.69, P = 0.002), high-intensity running (r = -0.76, P < 0.001), and sprinting distance (r = -0.75, P = 0.001), while mean time for the 40-m sprints was related to total distance covered (r = -0.70, P = 0.002), high-intensity running (r = -0.77, P < 0.001), and sprinting distance (r = -0.77, P < 0.001). The referees who recorded the best interval-test heart rate demand and fastest 40-m time produced the best physical match performances. However, only the sprint test and in particular the fastest 40-m time had appropriate construct validity for the physical assessment of soccer referees.

**关键词**：足球；比赛分析；反复冲刺能力；体能；间歇练习
