# 特定的高强度训练对足球裁判员体能水平的影响

Weston, M., Helsen, W., MacMahon, C., and Kirkendall, D. (2004)

*The American Journal of Sports Medicine, 32*(1_suppl), 54-61. <https://doi.org/10.1177/0363546503261421>

➡️ [点击此处查看完整内容](https://zzzxj12138.github.io/06/)

**研究背景**：In comparison to the amount of literature that has examined the match demands of football refereeing, there has been little attempt to assess the impact of high-intensity training.

**研究目的**: The main goals were to get a better understanding of the long-term effect of specific intermittent training.

**研究设计**: The authors examined the cardiovascular strain of specific high-intensity training sessions and also their impact on referees’ fitness levels.

**研究方法**: To examine the physical workload during intensive intermittent training sessions, heart rates were recorded and analyzed relative to the referees’ maximum heart rate (HR<sub>max</sub>). To assess the referees’ fitness levels, the Yo-Yo intermittent recovery
test was used.

**研究结果**: Both the pitch- and track-training sessions were successful in imposing an appropriate high intensity load on the referees, at 86.4 ± 2.9% and 88.2 ± 2.4% HR<sub>max</sub>, respectively. Following 16 months of intermittent high-intensity training, referees improved their performance on the Yo-Yo intermittent recovery test by 46.5%, to a level that is comparable with professional players.

**结论**: As match officials are subjected to a high physical load during matches, they should follow structured weekly training plans that have an emphasis on intensive, intermittent training sessions.

**关键词**：间歇训练；Yo-Yo 测试；足球裁判
