# 顶级足球裁判员训练自感劳累系数中的时间效应

Castagna, C., Bizzini, M., Póvoas, S. C. A., and D’Ottavio, S. (2017)

*International Journal of Sports Physiology and Performance, 12*(9), 1157-1162. <https://doi.org/10.1123/ijspp.2016-0626>

➡️ [点击此处查看完整内容](https://zzzxj12138.github.io/07/)

**研究目的**: To examine the effect of recall timing on training session rating of perceived exertion (S-RPE) in a population of method procedures well-familiarized athletes, during a 5-days training micro-cycle.

**研究方法**: Fifty-one top class Field Referees (FR, age 38.4±3.3 years; height 181±5.6 cm; body mass 76.8±6.8 kg; body max index, 23.4±1.7 kg·m<sup>2</sup>; body fat 20.4±3.6%; international refereeing experience 5±3.5 years) from 43 National Football Associations worldwide, preselected by FIFA Refereeing Department for officiating during the FIFA WC 2014 Brazil volunteered for this study. The FR were randomly allocated into three assessment groups (n=17 each), defined according to the timing of the S-RPE, i.e., immediately at the end, 30 min or 7 hours after the training sessions’ ending (G0min, G30min and G7h, respectively). The CR10 Börg scale was used to rate the training sessions (n=5). All FR rated again each training session of the 5-days training micro-cycle in the consecutive morning (~20h after) for confirmation (absolute and relative reliability).

**研究结果**: No significant timing effect was found between and within groups. Relative reliability ranged from large to very large with trivial within and between groups differences.

**结论**: This study showed no effect of recall timing on post-exercise RPE when well familiarized athletes are submitted to training during a weekly micro-cycle. Post-training RPE was reported to be a reliable subjective measure, however, specific timing is advisable to reduce magnitude difference in RPE values.

**关键词**：内部负荷；教练；Borg 指数；微循环；心理测量量表
